# Long term vision for Distributed Creatives

## 

**Distributed Creatives** is a groundbreaking initiative that transforms the art world into a distributed, interconnected ecosystem. Thorough creating a global network of nodes powered by open-source digital infrastructure, we develop a thriving ecosystem where artists, art enthusiasts, and businesses can collaborate, connect, and thrive. This innovative platform has the ability generate millions of dollars in revenue each month, and as a non-profit a major percentage of the money will be redistributed throughout the ecosystem through grants, sponsorships, and other creative mechanisms.

Our architecture enables direct connections between independent art businesses and artists, fostering a more equitable and transparent exchange of value. Additionally, we have established an active engaged global audience of art enthusiasts, propelling art to become a top 10 global economic sector. The distributed nature of our platform empowers local communities to organize and thrive while maintaining integration into the global ecosystem. This model of local empowerment and global cohesion will prove to be a valuable solution to climate change and other pressing societal challenges. Ultimately, Distributed Creatives is leading humanity towards an economy based on collaboration, creativity, and equitable distribution of resources. As AI and robotics become increasingly integrated into society, our platform offers a vital solution to the shifting work needs of individuals, providing the tools and infrastructure necessary for a fulfilling and sustainable creative career.