# How to ensure quality art?

Striking a balance of openness of published work that doesn’t dilute the pool with low quality art. AKA people creating because they think they can make buck and they don’t work a job. 

I see this largely being combated by creating authentic culture of creators where the role of the audience is just as important and honored in a way that allows them to generate value for their life's needs from that role as a fan. Also not putting artists up on a pedestal which we vicariously live through because our mundane lives are so devoid of color and flavor when we see a little flash we loose our bowels and scream till the blood vessels in our throat burst. 

This is also combated by a culture of mentorship and education. Give the means to skill development with open arms. People are generally only making bad art because they haven’t studied enough but feel a creative impulse but our society doesn’t provide the space and means to cultivate it. Then there’s the thing that people have different tastes. What makes it bad? Usually a lack of time spent and the work comes off as a cheap mimic of the real thing. Like the poem rhymes at the end of every line but not in a creative way that adds to the poem. It’s rhyming because they’ve hardly been exposed to poetry. Or how with addictech it was flooded with a similar sound of four to the floor tracks. This is why being a platform beyond just a place for a market to operate is beneficial because we can  help create the culture. Within this scope is also an ideal that you can create art without the need to be working towards being a professional. In the end our platform doesn’t just transform the art industry but the global industry at large and changes the metrics for what our qualitative work in life is.

Incentivize curation from the community. People become taste makers by curating what they love. Develop a model that gets them paid for this work without having to have centralized authority over them. Let it organically arise from people liking and sharing the content. Will have to think about guardrails so it doesn’t become a pay to play model that allows people with more financial resources to dominate the scenes.