# Matty’s testimonial

The reason I’m co-founding this project is because I know how desperately something is needed from personal experience developing my career as a poet over the past 15 years. With there being no real formal path to building a working career as a poet I took it upon myself to figure something out. The initial idea was that if I build successful art community then plug myself into it I’ll be able to have a working career. From that jumping off point I started organizing art community. First in Iowa City, IA where I received a B.A. in theater then in Boulder, CO, where I’ve been since September 2011. I moved to Boulder specifically because I knew that it had a good creative community and would provide fertile opportunity to continue to develop what I had been dreaming up. 

Over my decade plus in Boulder I’ve produced countless events, some of which became cultural institutions in the underground community, worked the biggest music festivals in the region and all in all made myself an indispensable character in the creative community.  The front range of Colorado is a mecca of creative community and the number of talented artists of all mediums is mind boggling yet very few are able to turn it into a working career that truly sustains them. With direct experience in trying to build my own career with the plethora of tools available in this digital age to monetize and build a fan base I know that it’s not a lack of talent or tools but a lack of coordination between the pieces. I’ve sank countless hours creating content for social media and they tell you that you just have to keep posting and it will take off. It’s a carrot on a stick. They are designed to have you work for years and hour upon hour while fighting against every keyboard warrior on the internet. It becomes a thing where the creative is no longer pursing their creative pursuits but managing a social media career. 

These projects are created from my direct experiences and those of my friends and community. If there was a solution that worked I would already be using it. I’ve had patreon, made NFTs, published a book on Amazon, published an e-book and all of these don’t get you anywhere without the proper tools for audience development. An artist shouldn’t have to commit to years slugging it out on social media in order to build a working career. It being more effective doesn’t mean less work it’s more of a work smarter not harder scenario. The current social media platforms are designed to keep us engaged on them instead supporting of our work in an organic fashion which empowers our lives instead of trying to coerce it. 

I believe that we’re at the beginning of the greatest time ever to be an artist and have committed my life to this cause. I know these tools are needed because I’ve spent the past 15 years investing everything I have into figuring out how to create a working career as a poet. In 2013 I dropped out of an MFA poetry program when the head of the department told the class there was no future where we could sustain ourselves from our original creative work. If I had made that work I wouldn’t be building these tools. I have close friends who are national champion slam poets who are deeply connected to the slam poetry community and it’s near impossible to turn it into a career even with a viral video on social media. An audience without a funnel to connect and monetize is just a flash in the pan. Building that funnel is a monumental task. A creatives work shouldn’t be running their own one person marketing, production and design team. I’ve been there and it doesn’t get very far. 

The aim for the impact on this project is to provide a framework and tools that support creatives to build a working career without sacrificing their well being and years of their lives at the off chance they break through the noise of the internet to have a working career. We shouldn’t be slaves to the platforms the platforms should empower us to live our best lives.