# Matty’s initial thoughts on Tokenization

I believe that tokenization of the platform is vital to develop a robust ecosystem of value exchange that doesn’t rely on the traditional monetary system that serves to extract value from the users of the system. The token will be more a utility token for the ecosystem and if we’re successful in establishing ourselves as a core infrastructure for the global art economy, it will be perceived as valuable in the  larger context of financial value, which will be leveraged in the platform to be used for grants and sponsorship, which will keep us in alignment with being a non-profit.

I see it as a way to do microtransactions and as a mechanism that rewards participation in the ecosystem. 

Really like the hold an NFT earn tokens mechanism. It’s a great staking opportunity. This can also be developed to be used by artists and collectives. I also want to incorporate an element for Dank PHART where a % of all my sales goes into a liquidity pool for the DP token. Thus creating a feedback loop where the more my art sells the higher the value of the token in a concrete practical way.  If your token a holder you buying my art pumps your bags.

After thinking about the investors blockchain meeting we last attended I understand what investors are looking for in a token.  A “secure store of value” bitcoin aka there’s only going to be so much made and there’s resources people are investing to shore up their investments, they’re not going to let it tank because of they’re storing value and betting on it’s continued adoption. The other is a token related to a “fundamental infrastructure component” Ether or other chains and L2’s etc..etc.. it’s a bet on the project having long term standing and it being earned or utilized somewhere within the project. 

Big question for me is “Can we do a token sale where we don’t make profit but all of the funds go into the organization and supports us in getting paid a thriving salary for the work we’re doing?” Then another question is would people buying the token and selling it be considered making a profit from a non-profit?