# Distributed Creatives - Manifesto v1

By Matty

Art is a human right. It is an organic up rising of energy that bursts through humanity like a geyser deep from within itself. We envision a future where art is not yoked by commercial enterprise. Where the artists aren’t forced to fight among each other for a limited spotlight and not able to fully express their creative visions because it doesn’t fit the trending narrative. For too long artists have embodied a starving archetype, as they ravenously create from a passion that appears as mad to the outside observer, forgoing the comforts of society as their pursuits rarely were met with the resources for living. As we move into the fourth decade of the digital revolution there is an opportunity to rewrite this story. To liberate the artist to create from a place of full resource and fuel a more beautiful tomorrow for everyone.
In this new story artists connect globally with ease and maintain full control of their work, never seeing it shelved because it wasn’t right for the market.  It’s created by the artist and distributed by the artist directly to the audience. Audiences are invited into the journey and artists build experiences that are enlivening. They bring together people from diverse backgrounds in a community that breaks down the walls that separate us from recognizing we're all one human family.
We intend to build the infrastructure for a 21st century renaissance to organically unfold globally without centralized control and as a public good. By creating it as a public good vs a commercial enterprise we liberate art to be what it wants to be, not  bound by spreadsheets and quarterly sales forecasts. A world where platforms don’t silo us off from each other but allow authentic connection to be discovered without our data being siphoned for profits. Technology that integrates into our life not as an escape from reality but as a tool that enhances the experience of what is to be human; connecting with others and being part of an experience that is bigger than the individual self without neglecting the individual self. The material pursuits without this are but a hollow husk whose fruit is dry and flavor dull. Art is the juice and it has been present in all cultures. It's time to let it flow freely.

By building with decentralized blockchain technology as a public good, we can provide all the tools an artist in the 21st century needs to thrive on their own terms in a global ecosystem. The infrastructure will be designed to empower the artists and not force them to be “content” creators for a social media platform, where they have to grind for months possibly years to build an audience they don’t have full access too, are in competition with every single influencer of every imaginable niche, and then have to take the audience down a digital funnel to convert them into a collector. An ecosystem that attracts art enthusiasts, empowers artists and art related businesses can help develop a platform that works for the art industry, not co-opts it’s products for platforms to enrich themselves, while leaving artists out in the cold as they struggle for exposure. It’s our mission to usher in an era where art is one of the top ten markets globally and is a vital backbone of a regenerative international economy.

Industrial leaders and politicians have been in power for far too long. It’s time to give the power to the artists.